I CALL TO
ORDER I GUESS THIS IS A SPECIAL
MEETING OF THE BOARD APPEALS
BEFORE SEPTEMBER 22ND TWO
THOUSAND TWENTY TO CALL THE
ORDER ROLL CALL PAUL DARLING
HERE ROBERT HART HERE,
KEVIN COX HERE EVEN STUFF
ABSENT HUGH FLACK ABSENT STAFF
WE HAVE GLEN DEMPSEY HERE,
MICHAEL REDMEN THERE, JOHN
RISER HERE MYSELF
DEBORAH WILLIAMS ROLL CALL IS
COMPLETE AND WE DO HAVE A CALL
FROM THANK YOU FOR SAYING THE
AGENDA IS THE APPROVAL OF THE
AGENDA IN MOTION FOR THAT MOVE
TO APPROVE SECOND MOVES IN
FAVOR BY APPROVAL OF THE
MINUTES FROM THE SEPTEMBER
FIFTEEN THOUSAND TWENTY TWO
MEETING LAST WEEK AT A IS A
SUMMARY OF THOSE MEETINGS AND
HERE WE HAVE SOME TECHNICAL
DIFFICULTIES AND HAD TO ADJOURN
THE MEETING.
&gt;&gt; SO CAN WE HAVE A MOTION TO
APPROVE THAT TO APPROVE THOSE
IN FAVOR?
I THOSE PASSED APPEALS AND
ACTION AND SHOW CAUSE HEARING
FOR BVA A TWENTY TO THE JURORS
OR TWO FOR 616 EAST WASHINGTON
ST. ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN AND THE
FIRST THING I HEAR WILL HAVE IS
A STAFF REPORT OF THAT GO AHEAD
WITH THE STAFF REPORT.
CLINT DEMPSEY SPEAKING AS YOU
CAN SEE UNDER THE INTRODUCTION
THE SCREENING ROOM BUILDING
OPERATED BY THE MICHIGAN
THEATER IS LOCATED ON A
SEPARATE ADJACENT LOT FROM THE
THEATER AND CONNECTED TO IT A
LOT IS ALSO THE CONSTRUCTION
SITE SITE OF A NEW NINETEEN
STOREY HIGH RISE BUILDING UNDER
CONSTRUCTION WHICH IS DESIGNED
TO WRAP AROUND THE SCREENING
ROOM.
THE PETITIONERS REQUESTING
MODIFICATIONS TO MEANS
OF EGRESS TO ALLOW THE
CONTINUED USE AND OCCUPANCY
OF THE SCREENING ROOM BUILDING
DURING THE CONSTRUCTION OF THE
HIGH RISE DURING THIS
APPROXIMATELY ONE AND A HALF
YEAR PERIOD, PETITIONERS
PROPOSED PROPOSING THAT
ALTERNATIVE EXIT ARRANGEMENTS
BE APPROVED, INCORPORATING THE
USE OF THE BUILDING AND LOTS IN
THE IMMEDIATE AREA OF THE
SCREENING ROOM.
THE REQUEST INVOLVES SEVERAL
VARIABLES INCLUDING A PHASE
APPROACH TO EGRESS EGRESS PATHS
THROUGH ACTIVE CONSTRUCTION
SITES, EGRESS PASS THROUGH TO
BUILDINGS UNDER CONSTRUCTION ON
THOSE SITES AND OCCUPANT LOAD
ADJUSTMENTS
AND WITH THAT THIS
SEEMED LIKE A VERY COMPLICATED
PROPOSAL ON PROJECT I BELIEVE
IT&apos;S QUITE SIMPLE.
IT&apos;S NOT AS COMPLICATED AS IT
LOOKS.
THE CODE IS NOT THE CODE IS
BEING MET.
THE CODE DOES APPLY IN THE
APPLICATION ISN&apos;T PROPOSING ANY
EQUAL OR BETTER ALLOWANCE TO
EXIT THE BUILDING.
I MIGHT ALSO SAY IN APPROVAL
OF THIS REQUEST AND WITH THE
EMPLOYEE IN THE PUBLIC ARE IN
HARM&apos;S WAY.
I BELIEVE THAT WITH THE
INFORMATION PROVIDED THE
BUILDING BOARD OF APPEAL SHOULD
DENY THIS.
&gt;&gt; KEEP IN MIND THE BOARD HAS
NO AUTHORITY TO WAIVE
THE
CODE REQUIREMENTS WITH THAT THE
STAFF WOULD RECOMMEND DENIAL
OF THIS PROPOSED ALLOWANCE FOR
EXITING DURING THE CONSTRUCTION
PROCESS.
OK, THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; AND WE HAVE AN APPLICANT
HERE COME UP AND GIVE US AN
UPDATE ON YOUR PARENTS REQUEST.
&gt;&gt; YES, HI LAURA.
EITHER WITH RSG ARCHITECTS OUT
OF MINNEAPOLIS WE ARE THE
ARCHITECTURE FIRM FOR THE SIX
ONE SIX AND SIX THIRTY BUILDING
SURROUNDING THE MICHIGAN
THEATER.
WE HAVE SCOTT BOWERY&apos;S HERE WHO
IS THE ARCHITECT FOR THE
MICHIGAN THEATER AND WE ALSO
HAVE RUSS COLLINS HERE WITH US
WHO&apos;S THE WHAT IS YOUR ROLE
FROM THAT OF THE EXECUTIVE
DIRECTOR HERE ARE YOU GOING TO
SHARE IN THE PRESENTATION?
&gt;&gt; AWESOME.
OK, I THOUGHT THE BEST WAY TO
GO THROUGH THIS WOULD BE TO
TALK THROUGH THE STAFF ANALYSIS
SO THAT WE&apos;RE JUST TOUCHING ON
THOSE POINTS SINCE WE WERE ALL
HERE WE TALKED ABOUT THIS FOR
OVER TWO HOURS AND WE KIND
OF KNOW WHAT WE&apos;RE DOING HERE
SO THE FIRST TOPIC YOU CAN GO
TO THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE FIRE
SUPPRESSION SYSTEM.
WE TALKED LAST TIME ABOUT HOW
THE FIRE SUPPRESSION MAY NOT BE
OPERABLE OR OPERATIONAL DURING
THE CONSTRUCTION.
WE HAVE FIGURED OUT HOW TO
CONNECT IT TO THE SIX THIRTY
BUILDING DURING CONSTRUCTION.
SO SIX THIRTY WILL BE HAVE A
TCO WHEN THIS GOES INTO EFFECT,
WHEN THIS PROCESS GOES INTO
EFFECT OF THE CHANGE OF EGRESS
AND SO WE WILL KEEP THE FIRE
SUPPRESSION SYSTEM ACTIVE THE
ENTIRE TIME THAT THE MICHIGAN
THEATER SCREENING ROOM IS
OCCUPIED.
SO THROUGH THE EXTENT OF THE
SIX ONE SIX CONSTRUCTION IT&apos;LL
TEMPORARILY BE TIED INTO SIX
THIRTY UNTIL SIX SIXTEEN&apos;S FIRE
SUPPRESSION SYSTEM IS
ACTIVATED.
SO WE CAN&apos;T TIE INTO THE
MICHIGAN THEATER SUPPRESSION
SYSTEM THAT&apos;S THAT DOESN&apos;T HAVE
THE CAPACITY BUT IT DOES HAVE
IT ON SIX THIRTY SO WE&apos;LL WILL
GO INTO THAT BUILDING.
SO THAT&apos;S ONE ITEM THAT WE
TALKED ABOUT NEXT SLIDE SO
STAGE THREE LIMITS THE
OCCUPANCY TO FORTY NINE
OCCUPANTS FOR A SINGLE MEANS
OF EGRESS THAT WOULD BE THE
CENTER LINE HERE STAGE THREE
WHICH IS APPROXIMATELY ONE
HUNDRED AND EIGHTY DAYS FROM
JANUARY TO JUNE ISH TALKING
THROUGH LIMITING THE OCCUPANTS
.
SO THERE&apos;S ONLY ONE MEANS
OF EGRESS OUT OF THE SCREENING
ROOM.
SO GOING TO THE NEXT SLIDE AND
WE&apos;RE HIGHLIGHTING ON THIS PAGE
THE OWNERSHIP OF THE BUILDINGS
.
SO TRUE PROPERTY LINES TEND TO
FOLLOW OWNERSHIP LINES.
THIS IS NOT THE CASE HERE.
THERE ARE VERY MANY LONG
LENGTHY LEGAL AGREEMENTS THAT
THE MICHIGAN THEATER OWNS THE
MICHIGAN THEATER, THE EXISTING
SCREENING ROOM AND WHAT WILL BE
THE MICHIGAN THEATER RESTROOMS
WITHIN THE SIX THIRTY BUILDING.
SO THOUGH THERE ARE PROPERTY
LINES, THE OWNERSHIP AND
OPERATION WILL BE CONCURRENT
THROUGH THE MICHIGAN THEATER.
&gt;&gt; NEXT SLIDE PLEASE.
HERE&apos;S KIND OF A ZOOMED IN
PORTION WE TALKED TO LAST TIME
ABOUT THE POTENTIAL FOR EXITING
THROUGH THE MICHIGAN THEATER
RESTROOMS.
THERE IS A LITTLE KIND
OF NUBBIN TO THE SOUTH NORTH
EAST OF THE MICHIGAN THEATER
AND NEXT TO THE SCREENING ROOM
AND MICHIGAN THEATER RESTROOMS
THAT WILL ULTIMATELY BE
AVAILABLE DURING THIS TIME
OF SINGLE OCCUPANCY.
SO THEN THERE WOULD BE TO
EGRESS POINTS ONE THROUGH THE
MICHIGAN THEATER LOBBY AND ONE
THROUGH THE MICHIGAN THEATER
RESTROOMS.
BOTH WOULD BE OPERATIONAL AT
THAT TIME.
THEY WOULD NOT BE UNDER
CONSTRUCTION AND THEN THIS IS
THE SLIDE SHOWING THE EXISTING
SCREENING ROOM ONCE
CONSTRUCTION IS COMPLETE.
SO ONE OF THE REASONS THAT
PROPERTY LINE DID NOT JOG
AROUND THE EXISTING SCREENING
ROOM IS BECAUSE TODAY THERE IS
A PROPERTY LINE BETWEEN THE
MICHIGAN THEATER AND EXISTING
SCREENING ROOM ALREADY AND IF
WE WERE TO JOG THAT IN ITS
FINAL CONDITION WE WOULD BE
ASKING YOU TO APPROVE THIS FOR
THE ENTIRETY OF THE LIFE OF THE
BUILDING WHERE THE EGRESS WILL
GO BACK INTO THE MICHIGAN
THEATER.
WE DON&apos;T BELIEVE THAT THAT&apos;S
THE BEST EGRESS PATH FOR THE
EXISTING SCREENING ROOM.
WE&apos;RE ONLY ASKING FOR TEMPORARY
MEANS DURING CONSTRUCTION AND
WE FEEL THAT IT&apos;S SAFER FOR THE
FOUR OCCUPANTS TO EXIT BACK
THROUGH THE MICHIGAN THEATER
LOBBY, BEEN THROUGH THE
CONSTRUCTION SITE SO THE
PROPERTY LINE AND OWNERSHIP
DIAGRAM ARE VARIED BECAUSE WE
THINK ULTIMATELY THE EXISTING
SCREENING ROOM EXITING THROUGH
THE SIX ONE SIX BUILDING IS A
HIGHER LEVEL OF PROTECTION FOR
THE OCCUPANTS IN THE SCREENING
ROOM NEXT SLIDE PLEASE.
&gt;&gt; OK, SO THIS IS THE SUBMITTED
DOCUMENT ON HOW YOU EGRESS OUT
OF THE EXISTING SCREENING ROOM.
WE HAVE ADDED THE RED LINE THAT
TAKES YOU THROUGH THE RESTROOMS
SO THE NEW CONSTRUCTION THE SIX
THIRTY BUILDING IS A TYPE ONE,
A CONSTRUCTION IS A HIGHER
CONSTRUCTION RATING.
IT HAS A THREE HOUR SUPPORT
SYSTEM AND IS FULLY
SPRINKLERED.
SO IT IS KIND AS YOU EXIT THE
EXISTING SCREENING ROOM YOU
WILL HAVE A HIGHER LEVEL
OF FIRE PROTECTION AS WELL AS
CONSTRUCTION AS YOU EXIT AND IT
IS STILL UNDER THE TWO HUNDRED
AND FIFTY FEET MAXIMUM TRAVEL
DISTANCE TO THE EXIT NEXT SLIDE
SO TRAVEL DOESN&apos;T DISTANCE EXIT
FOR AN ASSEMBLY OCCUPANCY AND
SPRINKLERED BUILDINGS IS TWO
HUNDRED FIFTY FEET WE VARY
BETWEEN ONE HUNDRED AND FORTY
ONE AND TWO HUNDRED FOURTEEN
BASED ON A FEW PASS SO I
HIGHLIGHTED THIS PATH WHICH IS
GO AHEAD TO THE NEXT ONE YOU&apos;RE
GOING TWO HUNDRED AND FOURTEEN
THROUGH THE MICHIGAN THEATER
LOBBY FROM THE BACK SIDE
OF SCREENING ROOM AND THEN THE
NEXT ONE WOULD BE TWO HUNDRED
AND TEN IF YOU WENT THROUGH THE
RESTROOMS ON THAT PATH AND THEN
THE NEXT ONE IS ONE HUNDRED AND
SEVENTY IF YOU WENT THROUGH
THROUGH THE EXISTING SCREENING
ROOM AND THROUGH THE RESTROOMS
ON THE OTHER ALTERNATE PATH
NEXT SLIDE OCCUPANT.
SO THE OCCUPANCY OF THE
SCREENING ROOM CURRENTLY AS IT
WAS DESIGNED WAS TWO HUNDRED
AND FIFTY SEVEN OCCUPANTS WERE
ASKING TO LIMIT FORTY NINE FOR
THIS TEMPORARY USE FOR THE ONE
HUNDRED AND EIGHTY DAYS FOR
CONSTRUCTION WE ARE WILLING TO
REMOVE SEATS, COVER SEATS,
BLOCK SEATS OFF KIND OF DISCUSS
HOW THAT IF THE BUILDING
OF APPEALS HAS IT AS A
RECOMMENDATION ON IT HOW HOW
THAT IS COVERED WITH THE WORLD
OF COVID ALL OF US WEARING
MASKS TODAY MAYBE WE DON&apos;T WANT
FORTY NINE SEATS IN THERE
BECAUSE WE MIGHT WANT TO SPREAD
APART A LITTLE BIT.
SO THAT&apos;S JUST SOMETHING TO
KEEP IN MIND.
NEXT ITEM SO MOVING TO THE NEXT
PORTION OF THE STAFF REPORT IS
STAGE FOUR EGRESS TO THE
CONSTRUCTION SITE.
SO THIS IS WHEN WE HAVE ONE
EXIT ONTO THE SIX ONE SIX
PROPERTY AND WE KIND OF REGAIN
THAT LARGER OCCUPANCY COUNT.
SO NEXT SLIDE I KNOW THE STAFF
REPORT HAD STATED THAT VARIOUS
EGRESS ROUTES WAS FAIRLY VAGUE.
IT WILL BE IMPORTANT FOR THE
CONSTRUCTION TEAM TO UNDERSTAND
WITH TIMING WHAT IS THE BEST
ROUTE AND I CAN&apos;T DRAW THAT ON
THE MAP CURRENTLY BECAUSE WE
WON&apos;T KNOW AS THE PHASING IN
THE TIMING HAPPENS UNTIL WE GET
CLOSER WHAT THAT ROUTE IS.
BUT I&apos;M CERTAIN THAT THE
LANDMARK CONSTRUCTION TEAM
WOULD BE HAPPY TO SUBMIT THAT
TO TO THE BUILDING DEPARTMENT
FOR REVIEW AND WE WILL FOLLOW
THE CHAPTER.
THIRTY THREE SAFEGUARDS FOR
CONSTRUCTION AS PEDESTRIANS AND
AND OCCUPANTS THE BUILDING
EGRESS THROUGH THAT OUT TO THE
PUBLIC WAY NEXT SLIDE SAFEGUARD
DURING CONSTRUCTION CHAPTER
THIRTY THREE OUTLINES CHAPTER
THIRTY THREE IS ESTABLISHED
THAT REASONABLE SAFETY
PRECAUTIONS ARE TO BE PROVIDED
DURING CONSTRUCTION AND
DEMOLITION TO PROTECT PROTECT
THE PUBLIC FROM INJURY AND
ADJOINING PROPERTIES FROM
DAMAGE.
&gt;&gt; SO IDEALLY YOU WOULD NOT
HAVE ANY ISSUES WITH THE SAFETY
OF THE OCCUPANTS OF THE
SCREENING ROOM EXITING THROUGH
THE CONSTRUCTION SITE WHEN
THESE RULES ARE IN PLACE.
ONE OF THE REASONS WE&apos;RE ASKING
FOR ONE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY DAYS
IS BECAUSE WE ARE NOT FEELING
LIKE IT WOULD BE SAFE FOR THEM
TO CROSS THAT CONSTRUCTION SITE
UNTIL THAT TIME.
SO CONSTRUCTION HAS SAID THAT
IS THE LENGTH OF TIME WE NEED
TO MAKE SURE THAT WE FEEL
COMFORTABLE PROVIDING A CLEAR
PATH LIGHTED, COVERED ,
PROTECTED THAT NO ONE WOULD GET
OFF THE PATH AND BE IN A
DANGEROUS SITUATION AGAIN.
WE HAVE THE LETTER FROM REST&apos;S
STATING THEIR SUPPORT SO THAT
WE DO NOT CLOSE THE MICHIGAN
THEATER AND THEN NEXT SLIDE IN
CONCLUSION WE FEEL THAT WE
PROPOSED AN EQUAL EXITING PLAN
DURING CONSTRUCTION THAT WOULD
ALLOW SAFE EGRESS OF THE SQUARE
CUPANTS.
&gt;&gt; THE FIRST PART IS NOT
EXITING ACROSS THE CONSTRUCTION
SITE DURING UNSAFE TIMES WHICH
IS STAGE THREE AND EXITING
THROUGH THE SIX THIRTY
RESTROOMS INCREASES THE FIRE
SAFETY OF THE OCCUPANTS AS THE
EGRESS WITHIN THE TYPE ONE A
CONSTRUCTION AND THEN EXITING
THE MICHIGAN THEATER LOBBY DOES
NOT DECREASE THE FIRE SAFETY
OF THE OCCUPANTS AS LONG AS YOU
DON&apos;T IMAGINE THAT IT&apos;S A
SEPARATE BUILDING BECAUSE IT&apos;S
NOT IF WE&apos;RE TAKING OUT THE
HORIZONTAL EXIT THE EXIT
PASSAGEWAY, WE&apos;RE TAKING ALL
THAT OUT OF THE DISCUSSION AND
JUST SAYING WE&apos;RE EXITING
THROUGH THE SAME BUILDING THAT
DOESN&apos;T THAT DOESN&apos;T COME INTO
PLAY.
SO IT WOULD STILL REMAIN AS THE
SAME FIRE SAFETY AND THEN ITEM
TWO EXITING ONE EXIT THROUGH
THE SIX ONE SIX CONSTRUCTION
SITE ONCE THE SAFE FOLLOWING
THE CHAPTER THIRTY THREE
MICHIGAN BUILDING SAFEGUARD
REQUIREMENTS AND KEEPING ONE
EXIT THROUGH THE MICHIGAN
EITHER ALLOWS OCCUPANTS TO EXIT
IN THE DIRECTION THAT&apos;S MOST
SAFE
IN THE CASE OF EMERGENCY
DURING STAGE FOUR AND THEN IF
ACTUALLY WE GO BACK TO SLIDE
AND THEN WE&apos;LL GO INTO THE LAST
TWO SLIDES IF THERE IS
QUESTIONS ABOUT EXITING.
THANK YOU.
OK, THE BOARD COULD YOU
COULD
YOU GO BACK TO PAGE TWENTY ONE
SLIDE TALKS ABOUT PAGE FOUR?
&gt;&gt; YES.
THE THE YELLOW BAR THAT
REPRESENTS THE TEMPORARY THE
SECOND EGRESS SCREENING ROOM
WHAT DOES THAT TERMINATE ON
BECAUSE IT SHOWS IT AS PART
OF THE FINISHED PLAN.
I WENT BY THE SITE THIS
MORNING.
THERE&apos;S A THERE&apos;S A FENCE THAT
BASICALLY AND OBVIOUSLY AN
EXCAVATION BUT THERE&apos;S ALSO A
FENCE THAT SEEMS TO COME RIGHT
UP TO THE BACK SIDE OF LANE
HALL.
SO IF IF THAT YELLOW LINE
EGRESS WAS DEPLOYED, WOULD IT
EXIT ONTO AN OPEN AND
UNOBSERVED TO CLEAR PATH TO THE
SIDEWALK?
&gt;&gt; YES, TO MY UNDERSTANDING IS
THE FIRE LANE WILL NEED TO BE
OPERATIONAL TO GET THE TCO
OF THE SIX THIRTY BUILDING AT
WILL AND SO THAT IS THE FIRE
LINE BUT THAT ENDS TO THE SIX
THIRTY BUILDING.
SO THEY THAT IS ACTUALLY THE
MAIN EGRESS POINT.
THAT EXIT POINT WILL BE THE
FINAL EXITING POINT FOR THE
SCREENING ROOM TO COME OUT
OF THE BUILDING AND THEN
THEY&apos;LL BE ABLE TO USE THE FIRE
LANE TO TO WALK TO WASHINGTON
STREET.
SO YES, IT WILL BE A WALKABLE
PROTECTED PATH AND IF THERE IS
CONSTRUCTION OVERHEAD THERE
WOULD NEED TO BE CONSTRUCTION
SAFEGUARDS FOR PROTECTING
PEOPLE ALONG THAT PATH RIGHT.
AND THEN THERE&apos;S A THERE&apos;S A
MEANS OF EGRESS FROM THE NORTH
WEST CORNER OF THE MICHIGAN
THEATER THAT LEADS TO AN OPEN
ALLEYWAY.
DOES IT THAT&apos;S A CRIME.
THAT&apos;S CORRECT.
YES.
IS A REASON WHY THAT YELLOW BAR
COULDN&apos;T BE DOWN ON THE I GUESS
THE NORTH WALL OF THE MICHIGAN
THEATER.
&gt;&gt; YES.
AND I THINK THE IDEA THAT I
HIGHLIGHTED THIS YELLOW BAR WAS
THIS IS THE FINAL EXIT PATH.
I WOULDN&apos;T SAY THIS IS THE ONLY
EXIT PATH THAT THEY WOULD HAVE
.
I THINK THERE&apos;S A CHANCE THAT
THIS YELLOW BAR COULD GO
STRAIGHT TO WASHINGTON FOR A
YEAR AND THEN THEY ALL OF A
SUDDEN NEED TO FINISH THE LOBBY
AND THEN IT GOES TO TOWARDS THE
PARKING RAMP WITH A PROTECTION
.
I THINK THERE&apos;S VARIOUS ROUTES
FROM THAT OF THE SCREENING ROOM
TO SIX TO WASHINGTON STREET
THAT WILL BE PROVIDED WENT AS
CONSTRUCTION ALLOWS BECAUSE THE
THEY&apos;RE GOING TO NEED TO FINISH
THIS LEVEL ONE AT SOME POINT.
SO EXTERIOR WALLS ARE GOING TO
START SHOWING UP.
CMU IS GOING TO BE INSTALLED ON
ONE SIDE AND I THINK I KNOW
CONSTRUCTION IS GOING TO HAVE
TO HAVE VARIOUS EGRESS OUTS
OVER THE COURSE OF THIS YEAR
AND A HALF.
SO THIS YELLOW BAR IS NOT TO
REPRESENT THE ONLY PATH, IT&apos;S
JUST AN OPTIONAL PATH AND THE
FINAL PATH WHICH MAKES IT KIND
OF THE EASIEST ROUTE TO SHOW
BECAUSE IT&apos;LL PROBABLY END UP
BEING THE LONGEST STANDING
ROUTE, THE ROUTE THAT THEY USE
THE MOST
I HAVE A QUESTION
ABOUT THE EGRESS PATH IS GOING
TO BE THE BUILDING WHERE THOSE
RESTROOMS BE BUILT OUT AT THAT
PERIOD OF TIME WHEN THEY GO
THROUGH THERE IS THEY&apos;RE GOING
TO BE A SHELF SPACE AND THE
FIXTURES WILL BE PUT IN AFTER
THE OTHER MEANS OF EGRESS IS
SET UP.
&gt;&gt; IT&apos;LL BE BUILT OUT
COMPLETELY OPERATIONAL.
&gt;&gt; CURRENTLY THE RESTROOMS ARE
ON TO THE LEFT HAND SIDE OF THE
EXISTING SCREENING ROOM AND TO
DEMOLISH THAT BUILDING THE SIX
THIRTY RESTROOMS HAVE TO BE IN
FULL OPERATION FOR THE MICHIGAN
THEATER TO CONTINUE OPERATING.
ARE THOSE THE EXISTING DOORS
THAT ARE IN THE BATHROOMS RIGHT
NOW?
THOSE ARE THOSE NOT SITTING IN
THE WRONG WAY FOR FURTHER
EGRESS.
&gt;&gt; SO THE DOOR&apos;S GOING IN TO
THE RESTROOM FROM THE SCREENING
ROOM ARE SWINGING IN THE
DIRECTION OF FINAL WE&apos;LL CALL
IT FINAL DESIGN SO THAT THERE
IS NO EGRESS ACROSS THE
PROPERTY LINES WHICH IS ONE
OF THE THINGS WE TALKED ABOUT
IN THE BUILDING BOARD
OF APPEALS ABOUT A YEAR AND A
HALF AGO WAS THAT EACH BUILDING
HAS TO EGRESS ITSELF IN ITS
FINAL STAGES AND THEN YOU
DIDN&apos;T WANT TO LOCK ANYBODY IN
.
WE HAD THE IDEA THAT YOU COULD
FIRE HER DOWN AND THE BUILDING
BOARD OF APPEALS AT THE TIME
SAID WELL IF I WENT THROUGH
THAT DOOR AND EVERYBODY&apos;S
PANICKING I MIGHT WANT TO GO
BACK THROUGH IT EVEN IF I FIND
OUT THERE&apos;S A FIRE ON THE OTHER
SIDE.
IF YOU GIVE ME A FIRE SHELTER I
MIGHT ACTUALLY START TO PANIC
SO THOSE DOORS ARE CURRENTLY
SWINGING IN THE DIRECTION
OF TRAVEL FOR THE FINAL BUT IT
DOESN&apos;T SAY THAT WE COULDN&apos;T
SWITCH DOOR SWINGS THROUGHOUT
CONSTRUCTION TO ALLOW FOR THE
THE VARIED EGRESS PASS THAT ARE
HAPPENING DURING THE THE TWO
YEARS AND THAT&apos;S JUST THE NEW
CONSTRUCTION AREA THAT&apos;S JUST A
BLANKET OFF AREA RIGHT NOW.
THERE&apos;S NO RESTROOMS.
THERE&apos;S NO NOTHING RIGHT.
CORRECT
.
SO WHEN WE WERE SITTING THROUGH
THE KIND OF HOLE ON BOB&apos;S POINT
ABOUT EXITING THROUGH THE SIX
SIXTEEN BUILDING THAT&apos;S UNDER
CONSTRUCTION, THE REMAINDER
OF THAT PATH IS THEY&apos;RE GOING
TO HAVE EGRESS LIGHTING IS WHAT
IS THE WHAT IS THE YOU KNOW,
MOST IS GOING TO BE RUNNING.
YOU&apos;RE GOING TO BE THOSE
PROVISIONS OUT THERE FOR YEAH.
&gt;&gt; I BELIEVE THE PROVISIONS
REQUIRE OVERHEAD PROTECTION IF
THERE&apos;S WORK ABOVE WALLS THAT
KEEP PEOPLE FROM GOING OUT AND
THEN LIGHTING AND I THINK
THERE&apos;S SOME OTHER REQUIREMENTS
AS WELL.
I&apos;M SORRY I&apos;M BLANKING ON THAT.
I DON&apos;T THINK FOR THAT BUT
YEAH, WE WOULD FOLLOW ALL
OF THAT AND THEN IF GLEN WANTED
TO DO SOMETHING I&apos;M SURE THAT
THE TEAM WOULD WOULD IT JUST TO
MAKE SURE THAT THOSE OCCUPANTS
ARE SAFE WHEN THEY&apos;RE EGRESSING
BECAUSE IT IS YOU KNOW, AS
SOMEBODY IN A SCREENING ROOM
AND THEN A FIRE OR SOMETHING
HAPPENS AND THEN GOING YOU WANT
TO MAKE SURE THAT&apos;S A CLEAR LIT
PATH THAT PEOPLE FEEL PROTECTED
GOING UP
TO WHAT YOU TALK ABOUT
THE FIRST PERSON TO BE BEING
ACTIVE IN THE SCREENING ROOM.
WHAT ABOUT THE FIRE ALARM
SYSTEMS BETWEEN SIX THIRTY
BUILDING?
WOULD THERE BE SOME TYPE
OF DEVICE HAPPENING THERE IF
SOMEBODY IS IN THE RESTROOMS
AND THE ALARM GOES OFF THAT
THEY ARE GOING TO BE YOU KNOW,
I DON&apos;T KNOW IF IT&apos;S POSSIBLE
TO CONNECT THOSE THINGS BUT
THAT&apos;S A COMPONENT OF IT IS A
FIRE ALARM AS WELL.
&gt;&gt; YEAH.
SO THE WAY THEY&apos;LL WORK WHICH
WAS PART OF THE PREVIOUS
BUILDING PORTABLE BOARD
OF APPEALS IS ALL THE DOORS
THAT ARE CONNECTED BETWEEN EACH
BUILDING WILL CLOSE
AUTOMATICALLY REGARDLESS
OF WHICH BUILDING WHICH
BUILDINGS ALARM GOES OFF.
SO IF THE MICHIGAN THEATER
BUILDING ALARM GOES OFF ALL
THOSE DOORS THAT ALL THOSE
PROPERTY LINES WILL
AUTOMATICALLY CLOSE SO I&apos;M NOT
I&apos;M NOT THE ONE I&apos;M PROBABLY
WILL NOT GO OFF THE ALARM WILL
NOT GO OFF IN THE SIX BUILDING
IF THE MICHIGAN THEATER IS
ALARM IS GOING OFF BUT THOSE
DOORS BETWEEN THEM WILL
AUTOMATICALLY CLOSE REGARDLESS
OF WHICH SIDE IS HAPPENING.
&gt;&gt; NOBODY BE FURTHER ALONG
THAT&apos;LL BE OPERATIONAL BY THE
TIME THEY NEED THAT TO BE
OPERATIONAL.
CORRECT?
I DON&apos;T BELIEVE THAT THE
BUILDING DEPARTMENT WOULD GIVE
US A TEMPORARY CERTIFICATE
OCCUPANCY FOR THOSE RESTROOMS
UNLESS THE FIRE LINE WAS
OPERATIONAL
.
AND YOU&apos;RE SAYING AT STAGE FOUR
THE OCCUPANT OF YOUR QUESTION
WILL BE BACK UP TO THE TWO
HUNDRED AND FIFTY SEVEN VERSUS
THE FORTY NINE?
&gt;&gt; CORRECT.
BECAUSE I WOULD HAVE TO MEANS
OF EGRESS ONE THROUGH THE
CONSTRUCTION SITE AND ONE
THROUGH THE MICHIGAN THEATER
LOBBY
.
MORE IN BALTIMORE QUESTION
YOU KNOW, DOES SEEM LIKE
SOMETHING THAT THE BEEB WOULD
BE ABLE TO
THE PROCESS SHOULD
GO TO BECAUSE IT&apos;S NOT GOING TO
BE A NORMAL CODE ABOUT UNUSUAL
CIRCUMSTANCES LIKE THIS.
CORRECT.
AND I TO THINKING ON THERE
ABOUT I CAN BE SURE IT&apos;S
CONSTRUCTION BUT YEAH.
&gt;&gt; AND I THINK ONE OF THE
THINGS THAT COMPLICATES THIS
TOO IS THE EXISTING DOOR
BETWEEN THE SCREENING ROOM AND
THE MICHIGAN THEATER AND THEN
THE PREVIOUS APPROVAL OF THE
SIX THIRTY CROSSINGS.
SO THAT BOTH OF THOSE ARE WE&apos;LL
CALL IT OUTSIDE OF THE TWO
BLACK AND WHITE PORTION OF THE
CODE AND SINCE THEY&apos;VE BEEN
PREVIOUSLY APPROVED SINCE THE
MICHIGAN THEATER OPERATES ALL
OF THESE AS THOUGH IT&apos;S ONE
OWNERSHIP, THE PROPERTY LINES
TO ME ARE A DASH LINE ON A
SURVEY AND NOT TRULY THE INTENT
OF THE CODE PROPERTY LINE
SCENARIO HERE.
SO IF YOU KNOW VARIANCE MOST
OF IT SEEMS LIKE YOU&apos;D WANT TO
HAVE SOME TYPE OF TEMPORARY CEO
AT THE BEGINNING OF EACH STAGE
BY THE BILLING DEPARTMENT SO
THE BUILDING DEPARTMENT WOULD
REQUIRE IF ANY USE OF THE 630
BUILDING THEY HAVE TO HAVE A
TEMPORARY CFO TO RETAIN A
TEMPORARY CFO.
THEY WOULD HAVE TO HAVE THE
COMPLETE SHELL DONE.
YOU&apos;D HAVE TO HAVE THE
SUPPRESSION ALARMS ALL IN YOU
KNOW THERE&apos;S THERE&apos;S QUITE A
BIT INVOLVED WHILE THE WHOLE
BUILDING DOESN&apos;T HAVE TO BE
DONE ON THE INDIVIDUAL.
YEAH, APARTMENTS TO GET THAT
TEMPORARY THEY HAVE TO HAVE AT
LEAST THE FLOOR ABOVE ALL THE
MAIN ITEMS DONE IN THE SAFETY
FACTORS PUT IN PLACE FOR ANY
TYPE OF TYPICAL FOR THE SIX
THIRTY BUILDING FOR THE SIX
JUST THE MINIMUM WHILE
FINISHING THE FIXTURES ON THE
FIRST FLOOR.
&gt;&gt; YEAH AND THAT WOULD BE TRUE
FOR THE SIX 16 BUILDING BEFORE
THE OTHER WAY WENT THROUGH.
THE OTHER EGRESS IS GOING TO
THAT.
&gt;&gt; YES THAT IS CORRECT YEAH.
SO IS THAT ACHIEVABLE?
THE TEMPORARY AS FAR AS HAVING
OTHER THINGS IN PLACE FOR THE
SIX THIRTY BUILDING THE 616
BUILDING BEFORE THOSE BEFORE
THAT BEFORE THE STAGES CHANGE?
I THINK THAT&apos;S ABSOLUTELY
ACHIEVABLE.
IT WOULD BE SOMETHING THAT WE
WOULD WE WOULD WORK WITH THE
BUILDING DEPARTMENT ON AND THE
FIRE DEPARTMENT AND IT SEEMS
LIKE, YOU KNOW, WE&apos;D WANT TO
HAVE PROBABLY ADDITIONAL YOU
KNOW, FIRE INSPECTIONS OR SOME
TYPE OF INSPECTION TO MAKE SURE
THAT EGRESS PATH IS CLEARED
DURING CEQUENT BETWEEN
TEMPORARY CEOS THAT EGRESS PATH
IS CLEAR.
THERE AREN&apos;T OBSTRUCTIONS AND
IF THINGS ARE WORKING AS
THEY&apos;RE SUPPOSED TO BE WORKING,
YOU KNOW, I DON&apos;T KNOW IF THAT
WOULD BE ONE WE ARE WHAT
POTENTIALLY COULD BE IT BUT
THAT&apos;S ACTUALLY BUILDING WOULD
BE LOOKING AT THOSE EXIT WAYS
OUT ALLOWED
MM HMM.
SO IF THEY CALLED FOR AN
INSPECTION IT WOULD HAPPEN IF
HE BETWEEN INSPECTION PERIODS
YOU KNOW THAT STILL OCCUR OR
WOULD HAVE BEEN BUILDING
FACILITATE THAT WE WOULD WORK
WITH THEM AS OK.
YEAH, OK.
AND CHECKING THOSE EXITS.
YEAH.
THE DIFFICULT PART IS IS DURING
CONSTRUCTION IF THE EXITS WANT
TO BE CHANGED AND IF WE&apos;VE
APPROVED ONE EXIT AND THEY WANT
TO MODIFY YOU KNOW HOW OFTEN
DOES THAT MAKE THAT HAPPEN?
IT SEEMS LIKE WE DO WANT TO TRY
AND CHANGING THE SEQUENCING
OF THE OPERATION THE OCCUPANT
MODE AS OPPOSED TO EXCHANGING
BETWEEN THOSE SEQUENCES THE
PATH OR THE OCCUPANT OR
ANYTHING LIKE THAT WOULD
DEFINITELY HAVE TO GO A
DIFFERENT TEMPORARY OR AN
UPDATED TEMPORARY CEO OR IT&apos;S A
VERY UNUSUAL SITUATION IS YEAH.
&gt;&gt; YEAH.
VERY FEW JURISDICTIONS WILL
EVER COME ACROSS THIS IN
MICHIGAN YOU MIGHT HAVE THEM IN
LARGER CITIES NOT AND NOT ON A
REGULAR BASIS.
&gt;&gt; YEAH YEAH.
YOU KNOW YOU MAKE ME THINK
OF LIKE A HIGH RISE IN
CONSTRUCTION ON THE LOWER
FLOORS ARE OCCUPYING TAFSIR
DONE YET BUT I STILL GO THROUGH
A PROCESS YOU KNOW, AND THEN
THERE&apos;S A SINGLE BUILDING NOT
NOT MULTIPLE DIFFERENT PROPERTY
BUT IT SEEMS LIKE MEASURES LIKE
THAT I COULD MAKE SURE THAT
THEY&apos;RE ENSURING THAT THE
EGRESS PATH IS CLEAR, THE
BUILDINGS ARE SAFE ENOUGH TO
MAKE THAT HAPPEN IF THAT IS THE
CONCERN AND ALARM SYSTEMS ARE
WORKING THAT WORKS AT THE TIME
OF INSPECTION.
YEAH, YEAH.
HERE WE HAVE THE HUMAN FACTOR
THAT COMES INVOLVED IN
CONSTRUCTION.
YEAH.
YEAH YEAH.
CHANGES THAT MAY HAVE TO APPLY
.
YEAH.
YOU KNOW I&apos;M NOT SURE THEY&apos;LL
BE ABLE TO CALL US RIGHT NOW
WE&apos;RE MAKING THIS CHANGE THERE
MIGHT A LITTLE BIT OF DELAY IN
THAT.
YEAH.
WORK WITH THEM AS BEST AS
POSSIBLE BUT YOU HAVE FACTORS
INVOLVED THE CONSTRUCTION SO I
MEAN IT WOULD BE THAT I GUESS
THAT THEIR SYSTEMS AREN&apos;T
OPERATIONAL MEANS THAT MAYBE
THAT SCREENING IS NOT USE AT
NIGHT OR SOMETHING.
THAT&apos;S SOMETHING THINK
PHYSICALLY I WORK AND YOU DON&apos;T
HAVE TO SEE OVER THAT DAY OR
YOU KNOW I MEAN IT&apos;S COMPLETELY
POSSIBLE FOR THE BUILDING
DEPARTMENT OR THE DEPARTMENT TO
SHUT THIS DOWN IF IT DOESN&apos;T
WORK TO THE TO THE AGREEMENT
THAT WE&apos;RE MAKING TODAY, IF WE
MAKE AN AGREEMENT
.
SO THAT&apos;S WHAT I WAS THINKING
IF THERE WAS A PERIODIC
INSPECTION ONCE A WEEK OR
SOMETHING LIKE THAT THAT YOU
WOULD BE ABLE TO CHECK ON THAT
THERE&apos;S KIND OF AN SYSTEM THERE
BUT YOU&apos;D ALSO ALSO BE A CHECK
THAT YES, THINGS ARE
OPERATIONAL AS INTENDED AND
THEY&apos;RE NOT YOU KNOW, I THINK
AT MINIMUM IF YOU&apos;RE LOOKING TO
CHANGE THE WAY THEY&apos;RE DOING
THINGS THEY WOULD I WOULD WANT
THEM TO SUBMIT IT THROUGH A
REVISION PROCESS NOW I&apos;D HAVE
MY PLAN REVIEW ARE LOOKING AT
AND THEN WE CAN ADDRESS IT
ACCORDINGLY.
&gt;&gt; YEAH.
AND I WOULD ONLY SEE THAT THE
VARIOUS RESTAURANTS TO THE TO
THE CONSTRUCTION AND THAT&apos;S A
YEAR AND A HALF LONG SO I CAN
IMAGINE THEY&apos;RE NOT TEARING
STUFF DOWN AND MOVING IT EVERY
WEEK.
&gt;&gt; SO I THINK THAT SEEMS LIKE A
REASONABLE PROCESS.
SO SUBMITTED OPERATED
SEQUENCING PLAN AND SHOWING THE
THE FIRE RATINGS WHAT&apos;S ALARM
SYSTEMS ARE WORKING YOU KNOW, I
THINK THAT COULD BE WORKED OUT
OR AT LEAST A A A CHECK AND
PHONE CALL WITH THE
CONSTRUCTION TEAM THAT SAYS
THIS IS THE PLAN FOR THE NEXT
SIX MONTHS SO THAT THE
INSPECTORS KNOW WHAT TO LOOK
FOR
THAT WOULD REQUIRE THEM TO
TURN IN A SEQUENCING PLAN.
CAN YOU TALK OF A CERTAIN TURN
TO HERE&apos;S WHAT WE HAVE WOULD WE
BE REQUIRING THEM TO TURN IN A
SEQUENCING PLAN AND BE
APPROPRIATE?
YEAH.
OVERALL OR SEQUENCING PLAN
UPFRONT AND THEN EACH TIME THEY
GO TO THE SEQUENCE THEY WOULD
SAY HERE&apos;S US CHANGING HOMES
WERE DAMAGED OR CHANGING AND
STATUS OF CONSTRUCTION.
&gt;&gt; I THINK THAT WOULD I THINK
THAT WOULD HELP THE BUILDING
DEPARTMENT, THE FIRE DEPARTMENT
UNDERSTAND WHAT&apos;S HAPPENING AND
THEN IT WOULD BE A PIECE
OF PAPER TO POINT TO TO SAY WE
AGREE TO THIS RATHER THAN A
BUILDING BOARD OF APPEALS
MEETING NOTE THAT HAPPENED TWO
YEARS AGO.
I THINK THAT SEEMS LIKE A FAIR
STATEMENT.
I&apos;D PROBABLY BE THE ONE MAKING
THAT.
SO I GUESS I&apos;M COMMITTING
MYSELF TO DOING THIS.
YEAH,
USER QUESTIONS OR MAKE A
MOTION OR MOTION.
YEAH, I THINK I KNOW ONE THING.
WOULD YOU MIND IF SOMEONE IF
YOU WOULD PLEASE INDICATE WHICH
ITEM ALLOWS THE APPEAL TO GO
FORWARD.
&gt;&gt; THERE ARE THREE OPTION OR
TWO.
YEAH.
YOU WANT TO MAKE SURE THAT YOU
CLEARLY IDENTIFY WHICH WHICH
ITEM WILL IT DOESN&apos;T APPLY IF
YOU NEED IT.
YEAH.
IDENTIFY WHICH ITEM.
ALLOWS THEM TO BE APPROVED.
YEAH.
THANK SO I&apos;LL ADVANCE PROMOTION
ALLOWS THEM TO BE APPROVED.
TO BUT I CAN&apos;T I CAN ONLY DO SO
THANK SO I&apos;LL ADVANCE PROMOTION
IN SUPPORT OF THE STAGE FOR THE
TO BUT I CAN&apos;T I CAN ONLY DO SO
PROJECT AND THE REASON FOR THAT
IN SUPPORT OF THE STAGE FOR THE
AT LEAST FOR ME IS THAT I THINK
PROJECT AND THE REASON FOR THAT
THAT THERE ARE JUST TOO MANY
AT LEAST FOR ME IS THAT I THINK
DICEY OPERATIONAL ISSUES THAT
THAT THERE ARE JUST TOO MANY
THAT WITH A STAGE THREE THAT
DICEY OPERATIONAL ISSUES THAT
RELY ESSENTIALLY ON ONE EXIT
THAT WITH A STAGE THREE THAT
AND KEEPING KEEPING AN OCCUPANT
RELY ESSENTIALLY ON ONE EXIT
ACCOUNT WITHIN FORTY NINE
AND KEEPING KEEPING AN OCCUPANT
PEOPLE AND THE REASON I COULD
ACCOUNT WITHIN FORTY NINE
SUPPORT ADVANCE THAT EMOTION
PEOPLE AND THE REASON I COULD
FOR STAGE FOUR IS BECAUSE YOU
SUPPORT ADVANCE THAT EMOTION
HAVE A SECOND MEANS OF EGRESS
FOR STAGE FOUR IS BECAUSE YOU
SO I&apos;M GOING TO PROCEED ON THAT
HAVE A SECOND MEANS OF EGRESS
BASIS WITH EMOTION.
SO I&apos;M GOING TO PROCEED ON THAT
I&apos;M SO I&apos;M GOING TO PROCEED ON
BASIS WITH EMOTION.
THAT BASIS WITH EMOTION.
I&apos;M SO I&apos;M GOING TO PROCEED ON
&gt;&gt; IS IT POSSIBLE FOR ME TO
THAT BASIS WITH EMOTION.
MAKE A NOTE AND SHOW THE REST
&gt;&gt; IS IT POSSIBLE FOR ME TO
OF THE SLIDES AND SHOW AN
MAKE A NOTE AND SHOW THE REST
OPTION FOR STAGE THREE THAT WE
OF THE SLIDES AND SHOW AN
HAVEN&apos;T TALKED ABOUT SURPLUS
OPTION FOR STAGE THREE THAT WE
THAT AFTER STAGE
DEBORAH STAGE
THREE DOES TO HAVE TO REGRESS
WAS ONCE YOU THE FRESHMEN ONES
BACK THROUGH THE YEAH.
BUT IT&apos;S BASICALLY THE SAME
PASSAGEWAY.
THERE&apos;S AN ELEMENT OF A COMMON
TRAVEL ISSUE.
&gt;&gt; YEAH.
SO IF YOU GO TO YES.
SO COMMON PATH OF TRAVEL HERE
IF YOU GO TO THE NEXT SLIDE ONE
OF THE THINGS THAT WE LOOKED AT
IS ACTUALLY CONSTRUCTING A
TEMPLE ABOUT HALFWAY THROUGH
THE SCREENING ROOM TO REALLY
LIMIT THAT THAT OCCUPANCY.
I KNOW GLENN&apos;S REPORT WAS VERY
UNCERTAIN HOW YOU COULD LIMIT
FORTY NINE OCCUPANTS IN A ROOM
THAT COULD FIT TWO HUNDRED AND
FIFTY.
&gt;&gt; SO PULLING THAT WALL AND
THEN ALSO PUTTING A WALL ON THE
CORRIDOR AS WELL SO THAT YOU&apos;RE
NOW DOING A RAMP WITHIN
TEMP
RAMP WITHIN THE SPACE TAKING
OUT SEATS THAT ALLOW TO BE
CLOSER TO THAT FIFTY NO THIS
SLIDE SHOWS EXACTLY SIXTY AND
THEN KEEPING THAT EGRESS ROUTE
TO THE SAME POINT COMING AROUND
THOSE SEATS UP AND OUT THE
EXTERIOR THERE AND THAT WOULD
STILL REMAIN IN THE IN THE
EGRESS DISTANCE.
&gt;&gt; SO THIS LIMITS THAT
OCCUPANCY TO FORTY NINE AND A
MUCH MORE WE&apos;LL CALL IT
CONDENSED ROOM WITH PUTTING UP
WHAT I CALL A FIVE FOOT WALL SO
THAT THE PROJECTOR SCREEN STILL
HITS THE SCREEN.
WE&apos;RE NOT CONSTRUCTING A WALL
THAT GOES TO THE ROOF.
WE&apos;D BE CONSTRUCTING SOMETHING
THAT THAT BLOCKED PEOPLE FROM
FROM GETTING TO THE OTHER SIDE
.
&gt;&gt; UM AND SO THEN THAT GRAY
AREA WOULD NOT WOULD NOT BE
OCCUPIED DURING THIS STAGE
THREE PORTION IS A MEANS TO
REDUCE THAT AND IT HAS HELPED
WITH THE COMMON PATH OF TRAVEL
.
IT DOES HELP WITH THE KIND
OF TRAVEL SO COMMON PATH TRAVEL
WOULD BE REMAIN UNDER SEVENTY
FIVE FEET TO THE POINT THAT YOU
GET INTO THAT CORRIDOR AND YOU
CAN GO EITHER DIRECTION THROUGH
THE LOBBY OR THE RESTROOMS AND
WITHOUT THAT PARTITION COMING
UP TRAVELS PRETTY HIGH.
&gt;&gt; THAT&apos;S TWICE THAT IT IS
ABOUT TWICE THEN THAT&apos;S WHY WE
WERE TRYING TO USE THAT EGRESS.
UM THE EXIT PASSAGEWAY FOR THE
CORRIDOR PREVIOUSLY SO BUT
GOING BACK THROUGH THE LOBBY IS
REALLY WHAT IS THE ISSUE AND
USING THE RAMP IS REALLY NICE
TO HAVE THE RAMP THAT&apos;S ALREADY
EXISTING FOR THE ACCESSIBLE
ROUTE BUT IT IS HURTING US IN
OUR CURRENT AT THE TRAVEL
STANDPOINT.
SO INSTEAD OF CONSTRUCTING THE
STAIR AT THAT CORNER THIS WOULD
BE CONSTRUCTING A TEMPORARY
RAMP.
&gt;&gt; THIS IS A MUCH MORE UM
INTERES PLAN TO THE THEATER
SCREENING ROOM BUT AS TEMPORARY
AND IN AN EFFORT TO KEEP THE
SCREENING ROOM OPEN, UM, WE&apos;RE
ENTERTAIN THIS AND I WILL LET
RUSS SAY A WORD OR TWO OF JUST
WHY HE WE WANT TO KEEP THE
SCREENING ROOM OPEN IF I MAY.
SO WE HAVE AN AGREEMENT WITH
THE BUILDER THAT IF THEY CLOSE
ANY PART OF THE BUILDING THEY
PAY US A PENALTY.
SO KEEPING THE SCREENING ROOM
OPEN IS NOT A MATTER OF MONEY
FOR THE MICHIGAN THEATER
FOUNDATION.
&gt;&gt; WE HAVE JUST NOT A SURPRISE
TO ANYBODY SUFFERING FOR TWO
AND A HALF YEARS OF COVID WE&apos;RE
AUDIENCES HAVE STAYED AWAY FROM
PUBLIC GATHERINGS, BASES.
THE MICHIGAN THEATER HAS AN
EXTREMELY STRONG SAFETY RECORD.
OVER MY FORTY YEARS
OF STEWARDSHIP OF THE MICHIGAN
THEATER FOUNDATION I&apos;M A LITTLE
DISTRESSED THAT THERE&apos;S CONCERN
THAT WE WOULD NOT CONFORM TO
THE LIMITED CAPACITY THAT WOULD
BE REQUIRED.
THAT&apos;S SOMETHING THAT WE&apos;VE
DONE FOR FORTY YEARS IN THE
VENUES THAT WE&apos;VE OPERATED.
WE&apos;VE OPERATED WITHIN THE LEGAL
LIMITATIONS OF THE CAPACITIES
FOR EACH OF THE ROOMS THAT WE
HAVE.
WE HAVE OFFERED TO TAKE OUT THE
SEATS SO THAT THERE&apos;S ONLY
FORTY NINE SEATS OR TAKE OUT
THE BOTTOM OF THE SEATS SO
THERE&apos;S NO WAY TO SIT IN THEM.
THE REASON THAT WE WANT OUR
CUSTOMERS AND STAFF TO BE SAFE
AGAIN WE HAVE AN EXCELLENT
SAFETY RECORD.
&gt;&gt; WE WOULD NOT PUT THE
AUDIENCE IN RISK AND IF THERE
WAS A DAY OR A WEEK THAT WE HAD
TO CLOSE THE THEATER BECAUSE
OF SOME KIND OF CONSTRUCTION
DYNAMIC THAT WOULD THREATEN
THAT WE WOULD CERTAINLY DO THAT
.
&gt;&gt; BUT WE ARE TRYING DESPRES TO
RECONSTRUCT THE COMMUNITY&apos;S
CONFIDENCE IN COMING BACK INTO
PUBLIC PERFORMANCE SPACES.
WE REQUIRE MASKS.
WE REQUIRE VACCINATIONS.
WE ARE ABOUT PUBLIC SAFETY IN
OUR VENUES.
&gt;&gt; I DEEPLY APPRECIATE YOUR
EXCELLENT MINDS THINKING
THROUGH THOSE ISSUES FOR US.
YOU&apos;RE THE EXPERT IN THIS
PARTICULAR AREA BUT YOU CAN BE
ABSOLUTELY ASSURED THAT WE ARE
NOT GOING TO CHEAT.
WE ARE NOT GOING TO BUTCH.
WE ARE NOT GOING TO DO ANYTHING
THAT THREATENS THE SAFETY
OF OUR STAFF OR THE CUSTOMERS.
&gt;&gt; THE MICHIGAN THEATERS
OPERATED THAT&apos;S THE MICHIGAN
THEATER FOUNDATION HAS OPERATED
THAT THEATER FOR FORTY THREE
YEARS AND I&apos;VE BEEN THERE FOR
FORTY OF IT AND YOU CAN GO BACK
AND CHECK OUR SAFETY RECORDS
AND KEEPING THE SCREENING ROOM
OPEN EVERY POSSIBLE DAY ALLOWS
US THE FLEXIBILITY TO PROVIDE
THE DIVERSE PROGRAMS THIS
COMMUNITY DEMANDS.
IT ALSO WAS A PLACE FOR CINEMA
TO BECAUSE THE TWO THINGS THAT
WE DO ARE LIVE ON STAGE
PRODUCTIONS THAT CAN ONLY TAKE
PLACE IN THE HISTORIC THEATER
AND THE CINEMA THAT TAKES PLACE
IN BOTH THE HISTORIC THEATER
AND THE SCREENING ROOM.
IF WE LOSE THE SCREENING ROOM
WE WILL PROBABLY LOSE THE
ABILITY TO SHOW FILMS AT THE
MICHIGAN THEATER FOR UP TO TWO
YEARS AFTER THE CONSTRUCTION&apos;S
DONE AND THAT&apos;S BECAUSE THAT&apos;S
THE WAY FILM DISTRIBUTION WORKS
.
YOU EITHER HAVE THE CAPABILITY
TO SERVICE THEIR PRODUCT OR YOU
DON&apos;T HAVE THAT CAPABILITY AND
YOU LOSE THAT OPPORTUNITY UNTIL
YOU CAN CONVINCE THEM THAT YOU
WILL BE BACK IN THE GAME ON A
REGULAR BASIS.
SO WE PLEDGE THE SAFETY OF OUR
CUSTOMERS, OF OUR STAFF.
WE PLEDGE COMPLIANCE WITH THE
RESTRICTIONS THAT ARE REQUIRED
.
&gt;&gt; WE ARE QUITE SATISFIED WITH
THE WAY THAT THE OWNERS THAT
ARE ADAPTING THIS TO MAKE IT SO
THAT WE HAVE THE FULL AND
COMPLETE UNDERSTANDING OF HOW
TO CREATE THAT SAFETY, HOW TO
MODIFY WHEN THE SAFETY IS
NEEDED AND I&apos;M A LITTLE HURT
BUT WHO CARES THAT THERE&apos;S THAT
THERE&apos;S ANXIETY ABOUT US
COMPLYING BECAUSE IF IT WAS
JUST ABOUT MONEY WE JUST CLOSED
THE SAFE.
WE JUST CLOSED THE SCREENING
ROOM AND HAVE THEM PAY US BUT
WE HAVE BIGGER ROOMS ME USE ME
I HAVE TICKETS.
I&apos;M SORRY YOU FEEL HURT BUT
WE&apos;RE LOOKING AT THIS FROM A
SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT PERSPECTIVE
THAN YOU ARE, OK?
I MEAN I DON&apos;T DISTRUST YOUR
VERACITY OR YOUR COMMITMENT TO
SAFETY OR ANYTHING LIKE THAT.
&gt;&gt; NOT AT ALL.
BUT AGAIN WE&apos;RE LOOKING AT THIS
FROM A VERY DIFFERENT POINT
OF VIEW AND YOU GUYS ARE COMING
IN ASKING FOR A LOT IN TERMS
OF WHAT THE BUILDING OFFICIAL
IS BEING IS ADVISING, WHICH IS
NO WAY NO HOW WE&apos;RE LOOKING TO
TRY TO FIND A WAY TO MAKE THIS
WORK APPREC GOOD.
THEN PLEASE CONTINUE.
WELL, THAT&apos;S IT.
I MEAN THAT&apos;S THE OF THE THE
TWO THINGS THAT I WANTED TO
POINT OUT IS IF IT WAS JUST
ABOUT MONEY WE CLOSED THE
SCREENING ROOM AND TAKE THE
CHECKS FROM THE DEVELOPERS.
THIS IS ABOUT WORKING IN THE
BEST WAY WE CAN IN THE SAFEST
MANNER THAT WE CAN TO CONTINUE
THE MISSION AND THE THE SERVICE
THAT WE PROVIDE TO THE
COMMUNITY AND AND HAVING THAT
SCREENING ROOM IS A KEY PART
EVEN IN A REDUCED CAPACITY.
IT IS EXTREMELY VALUABLE TO
WHAT WE DO WHEN WE HAVE TO
CLOSE THE STATE THEATER FOR THE
EXHIBITION WE ADDED A SMALL
THEATER INTO THE CADILLAC
BUILDING AGAIN SO THAT WE DID
NOT LOSE THE CONSISTENCY
OF BEING ABLE TO SERVICE THE
PRODUCT FOR THE FOR OUR FILM
PROGRAM AND THIS IS A VERY
SIMILAR KIND OF SITUATION AND
AGAIN I&apos;M EXTREMELY GRATEFUL
FOR YOUR VOLUNTEER TIME.
I&apos;M EXTREMELY GRATEFUL FOR THE
EXPERTIZE AND CARE THAT YOU
SHARE AND THAT YOU COMMIT TO
THIS.
SO THANK YOU.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
I MY MY ANXIETY TO AS WE&apos;VE
BEEN THROUGH WITH THE
ARCHITECTS HOW THIS MIGHT WORK
AND IT&apos;S MY UNDERSTANDING HAS
GROWN AND MY EXPERTIZE DOES NOT
MEET YOUR EXPERTIZE I CAN&apos;T I
CAN&apos;T HONESTLY SAY THAT BUT
THIS IS THIS IS AN ISSUE THAT
OBVIOUSLY INVOLVES SAFETY.
IT INVOLVES CORRECT OPERATION
TO MAXIMIZE SAFETY.
AND THE OTHER ISSUE IS IT
REALLY DOES AFFECT OUR MISSION
,OUR ABILITY TO SERVE THE
COMMUNITY AND AND TO A CERTAIN
DEGREE THE FUTURE OF HOW WE&apos;RE
ABLE TO CONTINUE
TO OPERATE
THIS COMMUNITY ASSET.
SO AGAIN, THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR
YOUR YOUR CAREFUL CONSIDERATION
AND IT&apos;S VERY, VERY MEANINGFUL
AND MY MY ONLY HOPE THAT WHAT
HURT WAS LIKE WELL I DON&apos;T KNOW
IF THOSE DARNED THEATER
OPERATORS WILL OR WILL COMPLY
WITH THE SPECIFICATIONS AND I
GOT TO TELL YOU THAT WE
ABSOLUTELY WILL AND WE&apos;RE HAPPY
TO HAVE ANY KIND OF INSPECTIONS
THAT ARE NEEDED TO VERIFY THAT
WE WOULD BE VERY, VERY OPEN TO
THAT.
SO THANK YOU SO MUCH.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FROM THE
U.S. BORDER STAFF?
CAN WE GO BACK TO THE SLIDE
THAT YOU JUST SPRUNG?
I HAD A FEELING IT WAS GOING GO
THAT WAY SO I&apos;M NOT GOING TO
LIE.
I SPENT A GOOD SOLID LIKE TWO
DAYS READING THE CODE AND
TRYING TO COME UP WITH THE BEST
SOLUTIONS AND I FEEL LIKE BASED
ON THE LAST REPORT THAT WE GOT
FROM STAFF, THIS REALLY DOES
ADDRESS SOME OF THE CONCERNS
ABOUT LIMITING THE OCCUPANCY TO
FORTY NINE IS LIMITING THAT
AREA AND REALLY REDUCING THE
NUMBER OF SEATS AND THEN IT
ALSO ADDRESSES THE COMMON PATH
OF TRAVEL ISSUES SO THAT IT
WOULD BE A LITTLE LESS THAN
SEVENTY FIVE FEET AND PATH
OF TRAVEL UNTIL YOU HAD THE
POINT TO CHOOSE BETWEEN THE
MACHINE THEATER AND THE
RESTROOM EXIT.
IS THERE A IS THERE A DRAWING
DESIGNATION FOR THIS SOMEWHERE
IN THE LINE DEMURRALS YOU THAT
NO IN THE DRAWING DESIGNATION.
&gt;&gt; WELL I MEAN SOMETHING THAT I
CAN WE CAN REFER BACK TO IN THE
MOTION OH IN THE MOTION DENHA
CAN YOU TELL WHAT PAGE IT&apos;S ON.
IT&apos;S THE LAST THE LAST PAGE
OF THE PRESENTATION
.
IT DOESN&apos;T
TO WANT A HARD COPY
DOES THAT HELP.
WHAT DO YOU NEED FOR A RECORD
WE CAN SUBMIT JUST THIS PLAN
AFTER THAT AFTER TODAY AS PART
OF THE MEETING MINUTES IF YOU
WOULD LIKE SO.
WELL WELL WE&apos;RE LOOKING AT THIS
SO THE PORTION THAT&apos;S SHADED IN
BLUE IS GOING TO BE THE ACTIVE
FORTY NINE
THAT&apos;S THE WHICH
WHICH SIDE IS IS THE SEAT
REMOVAL THE GRAY SIDED GRAY
SIDE.
&gt;&gt; OK SO THERE&apos;D BE NO ACCESS
TO BEHIND THOSE SEATS AND THE
SCREEN IS IN FRONT OF THOSE
SEATS ON THE RIGHT HAND SIDE
AND THEN THE RED THE RED DOTTED
LINE IS GOING UP AROUND IT IS
TO AN EXIT AND EXIT AND AT THAT
POINT YOU HAVE TO CHOICES EXIT.
SO THAT&apos;S THE THAT&apos;S THE POINT
OF COMMON PATH OF TRAVEL.
SO THAT&apos;S THAT RED LINE
REPRESENTS SEVENTY FIVE FEET
AND THEN THELUE LINE PLUS THE
RAMP EQUALS ALSO SEVENTY FIVE
FEET SO YOU CAN GET TO THAT
EXIT DOOR VIA THE RAMP AND ALSO
VIA A STOP JUST THE RAMP THERE.
YEAH JUST SO THERE&apos;S A WALL
THERE THERE&apos;S A THERE&apos;S A
RAILING AROUND THAT LANDING ON
THE RAMP AT THAT EXIT ARROW IS
CROSSING SO THERE WOULD NOT BE
WE COULD WE COULD ALSO PUT A
STAIRCASE UP TO THAT AS WELL
JUST TRYING TO STOP WHAT IS IT
HOW IS THE TWO STEPS?
&gt;&gt; IT&apos;S APPROXIMATELY A THREE
FOOT GREAT CHANGE.
OK, UM THERE&apos;S THREE RIDES
BEFORE RIGHT.
&gt;&gt; YEAH.
AND SO THE REASON I DIDN&apos;T DRAW
THERE IS BECAUSE IT WOULD
PROBABLY WANT TO GO NORTH AND
THAT WOULD IMPEDE THE VIEW
OF THE OF THE SCREENING.
BUT WHAT WE COULD DO IS DO A
STAIR UM THAT MAKES THAT
LANDING A LITTLE WIDER AND THEN
REDUCE THE NUMBER OF CHAIRS AT
THE ON THE SOUTH SIDE TO KEEP
KIND OF A ANOTHER PATH WE COULD
TWEAK IT TO ADD STEPS FOR
EVERYBODY UP THE RAMP AND
EVERYBODY HAD IT COMING FAST.
YEAH.
PUTTING IN AND YEAH WHEN DOES
THE DOOR WHERE IT SAYS EXIT
HAVE TO SWING IN THE DIRECTION
IT DOES NOT PEOPLE UNTIL THAT
UNTIL WE GET GREATER THAN FORTY
NINE OCCUPANTS BUT IT MIGHT
HELP WITH THE STAIR THERE WE
COULD PUT AUSTERITY STARTING
THE SIDE OF THAT COMPONENT THAT
WOULDN&apos;T BLOCK THE DOOR THAT
TEMPORARY WAS SWUNG THE OTHER
WAY
AND WE GET THE DOOR TO
SWING IN THE DIRECTION
OF PEOPLE EVEN THOUGH IT&apos;S NOT
A WE CAN MAKE IT A BIT
HANDICAPPED CODE SORT OF ROOM
FOR HANDICAPPED THEY&apos;D HAVE TO
CONFIGURE A LANDING, RIGHT?
&gt;&gt; YEAH, THEY&apos;D HAVE TO HAVE A
SIXTY INCH TURN AROUND AND THEN
THE PUSH PULL CLEARANCES ON THE
DOOR ON EITHER SIDE.
SO YES WE WOULD CONFIGURE THAT
TO MEET THE ACCESSIBILITY
REQUIREMENTS, THE RAMP AS WELL
AS THE DOORS OR
IF I MIGHT
MIGHT REFER TO THE ACTUAL
PASSAGEWAY IN THE REQUIREMENTS
FOR I ALSO
COULD YOU HELP ME ON
THAT REFERENCE YOU JUST MADE.
SO WHEN YOU ENTER THE ACTUAL
PASSAGEWAY AS OPPOSED TO THE
EXIT TO THE EXTERIOR YOU HAVE
TO HAVE THAT AND IT DOESN&apos;T GO
TO THE EXTERIOR AND ACTUALLY IT
WILL GO INTO A NEW BUILDING,
ANOTHER BUILDING DOESN&apos;T GO
DIRECTLY TO THE EXTERIOR THAT
TAKES YOU TO THE PUBLIC WAY.
AND THIS PLAN IN MY OPINION IS
NOT REFERENCING ANY EXIT
PASSAGEWAY.
THIS IS JUST EGRESS.
SO WE&apos;RE REMOVING THE EXIT
PASSAGEWAY AND UM, ASKING FOR
THE BUILDING BOARD OF APPEALS
TO TO ACCEPT THE OWNERSHIP
OF THE TWO BUILDINGS AS THE
FACT THAT THESE ARE TWO NOT TWO
SEPARATE BUILDINGS THAT YOU&apos;RE
HORIZONTALLY EXITING THROUGH.
YOU&apos;RE DOING THE TWO HUNDRED
FIFTY FOUR MAXIMUM EGRESS
TRAVEL DISTANCE AND YOU&apos;RE NOT
REDUCING YOUR UM YOUR FIRE
PROTECTION THROUGH THROUGH ANY
OF THOSE EXITS.
SO WE&apos;RE ASKING FOR THE
BUILDING BOARD OF APPEALS TO
LOOK AT THIS AS THOUGH THE
MICHIGAN THEATER OWNS BOTH
BUILDINGS AND YOU HAVE TWO
HUNDRED AND FIFTY FEET TO EXIT
THE BUILDING AND IT&apos;S ONLY FIVE
FEET TO THE CHOICE BETWEEN
EXITS OUT OF THE SCREENING ROOM
TO THE STAGE FOUR DOESN&apos;T HAVE
AN EXIT PASSAGEWAY BUT THAT&apos;S A
REAL ENCLOSURE THERE CORRECT?
WE ARE NOT CALLING IT AN EXIT
PASSAGEWAY IN THAT SCENARIO
BECAUSE AN EXIT PASSAGEWAY IS
SOMETHING THAT YOU WOULD USE IN
MY OPINION TO LIMIT YOUR COMMON
PATH OF TRAVEL OR YOUR EGRESS
DISTANCE AND WE DO NOT HAVE
EITHER OF THOSE IS AN ISSUE IN
STAGE FOUR.
&gt;&gt; SO I WOULD NOT COUNT THAT
CORRIDOR AS AN EXIT PASSAGEWAY
.
&gt;&gt; COMING UP NEXT, WE ARE
CALLING IT&apos;S A CORRIDOR WHICH
YOU&apos;RE ALLOWED TO EXIT THROUGH
AND INTO A LOBBY
WITH THE
BEGINNING OF THE DOORS INTO
THAT PASSAGE TO A DEDICATED
TOWARDS THE SCREENING ROOM.
SO ALL THE DOORS IN THE IN THE
CORRIDOR ARE A THREE HOUR
READING BECAUSE ULTIMATELY THAT
WILL BE A THREE HOUR CORRIDOR
AND THAT&apos;S FINAL STATE ONCE THE
THE FINAL CONSTRUCTION IS
FINISHED.
&gt;&gt; SO AND INSTALL ALL OF THOSE
DOORS WILL BE THREE OBLITERATED
AND CLOSED ON FIRELINE AND THE
DOORS THAT ARE EXISTING
CURRENTLY ARE OPERATED EXCEPT
FOR A DOOR BETWEEN THE MICHIGAN
THEATER AND THE SCREENING ROOM
AND THAT DOOR IS GOING TO BE
UPDATED AS PART OF THE THE NEW
THREE HOUR WALL THAT&apos;S BEING
CONSTRUCTED BETWEEN THE PEOPLE
AT THAT PROPERTY LINE FOR
GLENN&apos;S REQUEST.
I HAVE A ONE QUESTION FOR MR.
COLLINS RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
CAN YOU WHAT WHAT MIGHT BE THE
THE INTENTION FOR THE AUDIENCE
WITHIN THE SCREENING ROOM?
WOULD IT BE WOULD IT BE A A
MIXED AUDIENCE WITH ADULTS AND
CHILDREN ADULTS ONLY KNOW WHAT
THE AGE OF 18?
&gt;&gt; I THINK OUR AUDIENCE TENDS
TO JUST VARY DEPENDING ON WHAT
FILM OR SHALL I SO WE WOULD
EXPECT THAT ALL AGES WOULD BE
IN THE THEATER.
THE MAJORITY OF THE AUDIENCE IS
GOING TO BE ADULTS.
ALL RIGHT.
BUT WE&apos;RE GOING TO GO THERE
LIKE
OK, FOR MOTION OR YOU YOUR
HOME IS GOING TO BE A SINGLE
ONE OR MAYBE TWO MORE FOR
STAGE.
WELL, IT&apos;S FOR I I WAS PREPARED
TO GO WITH A SIMILAR ONE BUT
I&apos;M JUST GOING TO COMBINE THEM
SINCE THE VERY START SINCE THE
VARIOUS COMBINES THEM BOTH I&apos;LL
TRY TO COMBINE THEM BOTH SO I
HOPE THIS DOESN&apos;T SOUND TOO
DIFFERENT.
SHE REMOVE THAT IN THE CASE
BEEBER TWENTY TWO DASH TWO ZERO
ZERO TWO THE APPEAL OF THE
BUILDING OFFICIALS DECISION AND
SIX E WASHINGTON IS GRANTED
RELIEF FROM SECTIONS TWO TO
TABLE TEN SORRY TABLE ONE
HUNDRED SIX POINT TWO POINT ONE
ONE HUNDRED FOUR POINT ONE
POINT TWO ONE OR TWO OR ONE OR
TWO FOUR POINT FOUR ONE OR TWO
SIX AND ONE OR TWO EIGHT POINT
ONE FOUR STAGES THREE AND FOUR
CONSTRUCTION SCENARIOS AND THAT
THE BUILDING BOARD OF APPEAL
MODIFIES THE BUILDING OFFICIALS
DECISIONS DECISION FOR THE
REASONS THAT THE APPLICANT HAS
PROPOSED A REASONABLE TEMPORARY
EXITING ALTERNATIVE FOR EGRESS
THROUGH THE MICHIKO MICHIGAN
THEATER WITH THE FOLLOWING
STIPULATION FOR STAGE THREE
THAT THE PLAN TITLED UNNAMED
DATED A TWENTY SIX TWENTY TWO
IS ADVANCED TO LIMIT THE
SCREENING ROOM TO AN OCCUPANCY
OF FORTY NINE WITH A PHYSICAL
BARRIER WITH EXITING THROUGH
THE MICHIGAN THEATER LOBBY WITH
A MUCH REDUCED COMMON PATH
OF TRAVEL AND A COMPLETED SIX
THIRTY BUILDING THE PLAN
PRESENTED WOULD ADD A SECOND
STAIR AT THE TOP OF THE EGRESS
RAMP AND THAT THE DOOR FROM THE
SCREENING ROOM WILL SWING IN
THE DIRECTION OF EGRESS TRAVEL
.
&gt;&gt; THE SCREENING ROOM WOULD BE
FIRE SUPPRESS AND HAVE
ANNUNCIATION CONNECTED TO A
CENTRAL MICHIGAN THEATER SYSTEM
THAT THE STAFF WILL BE TRAINED
TO MONITOR AND PROVIDE
INSTRUCTION ON EGRESS
PRIOR TO
EACH AND ANY THEATRICAL SHOWING
FURTHER FOR STAGE FOUR THAT IN
ADDITION TO THE EXITING
PROVISIONS FROM THE SCREENING
ROOM THROUGH THE RATED
PASSAGEWAY TO THE MICHIGAN
THEATER LOBBY AND BUILDING SIX
THIRTY RESTROOM BUILDING A
SECOND NBC SECTION THIRTY THREE
APPROVED PROTECTED WALKWAY
DISCHARGING TO AN EQUALLY
PROTECTED UNENCUMBERED OPEN WAY
BEING THE FIRE LANE BY HALL THE
CONSTRUCTION MANAGER FOR THE
PROJECT WILL DETAIL THIS EXIT
CONSTRUCT AND SUBMIT TO THE
CITY AND OSHA AS REQUIRED ANY
CHANGES IN THE SECOND TO EGRESS
ROUTE WILL BE EQUALLY
DOCUMENTED AND APPROVED PRIOR
TO IMPLEMENTATION THAT FIRE
SUPPRESSION WILL BE MAINTAINED
THROUGHOUT THE SCREENING ROOM
AND ITS EGRESS COMPONENTS
DURING THE INTERIM STAGE FOR
CONSTRUCTION PERIOD AGAIN THAT
THE STAFF WILL BE TRAINED TO
MONITOR AND PROVIDE INSTRUCTION
ON EGRESS ARRANGEMENTS IN A
PUBLIC ADDRESS TO THE AUDIENCE
PRIOR TO ANY AND EACH
THEATRICAL SHOWING THAT THE
EASTERN EGRESS EGRESS DOORS
FROM THE PASSAGE MAY BE
REVERSED TO COMPLY WITH EXIT
FLOW AND BE EQUIPPED WITH HIGH
TECH HARDWARE
THAT IF ANY IF
THERE ARE ANY TRANSGRESSIONS
FROM THESE VARIOUS STIPULATIONS
OR UNACCEPTABLE CONDITIONS ARE
BROUGHT TO THE BUILDING
OFFICIALS ATTENTION BUILDING
OFFICIAL MAY VOID THE
PROVISIONS OF THIS VARIANCE AND
FINALLY THAT THE PROPOSED
VARIANCE IS NOT WAIVING
REQUIREMENTS OF THE CODE BUT
RATHER OFFERING AN
ACCOMMODATION THE TEMPORARY
EGRESS CONDITION THAT ENDEAVORS
TO MAINTAIN THE INTENT OF THE
NBC AS TO LIFE, SAFETY AND
WELFARE
.
I SHOULD AMEND THIS TO SAY THAT
THE DOORS THAT ARE GOING TO BE
IN STAGE FOUR AT THE DOORS THAT
ARE GOING TO BE REVERSED TO
SWING IN THE DIRECTION
OF EGRESS TRAVEL OF THE DOUBLE
DOORS AT THE T OF THE RATED
PASSAGEWAY FROM MICHIGAN
SCREENING ROOM AND THE DOOR
INTO THESE SIX THIRTY BUILDING
BATHROOM BUILDING
WE HAVE A
MOTION OF SUPPORT TO MOTION
MOTION.
SECOND DISCUSSION ON MOTION
WE
WANT TO HAVE ANYTHING IN THERE
ON INSPECTION&apos;S EITHER JUST A
CEO&apos;S OR YOU KNOW ANY PRIVATE
INSPECTIONS OR UP TO THE
BUILDING OFFICIAL FOR
THAT.
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT.
AS AN ADDITION TO BOTH AGES
THREE AND FOUR STIPULATIONS
THAT TEMPORARY ZERVOS WILL BE
IN PLACE FOR ANY COMPONENT
OF THE EGRESS SYSTEM THAT&apos;S
REQUIRED BY THE BUILDING
OFFICIAL TO BE IN PLACE
AND AS
YOU MENTIONED, THERE&apos;S A
SEQUENCING PLAN.
I THINK YOU PUT YOU PUT THAT IN
THE RATHER SEQUENCE YOU PLAN
NARRATIVE THAT WELL I MEAN THE
INTENT IS THAT ANY TIME THEY
CHANGE THE CONFIGURATION OF THE
FIRST THAT THERE&apos;S GOING TO BE
A PLAN SUBMITTED AND APPROVED
BEFORE YOU KNOW IT&apos;S
IMPLEMENTED THREE YEARS AND ANY
STAFF QUESTIONS ON THE MOTION
TO DECLARE JUST ON THE APPEAL
WHICH SECTION ARE YOU FOLLOWING
THE PEOPLE TO GO FORWARD?
I THINK YOU SAID BASED ON ALL
THE MEANS OF INSTRUCTION, I
BELIEVE THAT&apos;S WHEN YOU GET
THERE.
IT&apos;S IT&apos;S IT&apos;S IT WAS SECTION
THREE
BUT I PROPOSE TO EQUAL
BEFORE YOU KNOW, I CHOSE NOT I
CHOSE NOT TO PHRASE IT AS AN
EQUAL OR BETTER OUT THE
ALTERNATE MEANS BASICALLY
PROPOSED WITH BETTER
SO YOU
HAVE ALLOWANCES THAT GIVE YOU
THE ABILITY TO ALLOW MY
INTERPRETATION OF THE YOU KNOW,
VARY FROM SO YOU GOT THREE
SECTIONS YOU CAN CHOOSE FROM
YOUR QUESTIONS MUSTAF
NEUBORNE
IF NOT WE CAN VOTE IN THE
MOTION AND WITH THREE PEOPLE
WE&apos;RE GOING TO HAVE THE MINIMUM
TO PASS EVEN THESE TWO ARE THE
THREE OR TO PASS TO THOSE IN
FAVOR.
I WAS POSED NONE SO THAT&apos;S OK.
MOTION PASSES THANK YOU.
SO NEXT TIME AGENDA ALL
BUSINESS I DON&apos;T SEE IN YOUR
BUSINESS NO OTHER NEW BUSINESS
REPORT THE COMMUNICATION WORTH
REPORTING COMMUNICATION.
&gt;&gt; THREE REPORTS WERE
COMMUNICATIONS NON PUBLIC
COMMENTARY GENERAL AND PUBLIC
WANTS TO COMMENT AND SAYING
NONE CAN I HAVE A MOTION TO
ADJOURN MUST RETURN A FAVOR I
WE ARE ADJOURNED